# MFP-Dash-App

This is a Web Application to give MyFitnessPal users more insights into the nutrition information that they are already logging through the app. At this stage, the application is actively running at https://djbiega.pythonanywhere.com/. Note that the project is __NOT__ yet complete. The project in its current state is able to take an input public MyFitnessPal Username and range of dates, and will then scrape the publically available information in real time and then showcase a dashboard. The data is not being stored at this time.

The next steps in the project is to create a database of MyFitnessPal nutrition data and provide an API for the WebApp for faster results and a better user experience. 50,000 public usernames have already been collected by scraping the most popular groups within the MyFitnessPal forums, and the nutrition info. that has been logged over the past 5 years of each of these users will serve as the initial database. Using this information, the goal is to create an API such that when a new username is searched for in the Web App, the user will be added to the databse along with all of their associated logged nutrition data. Similarly, already added users will have their nutrition info updated if any new information has been logged since the last database update. With this data, the end goal is to provide a food recommendation system to give meal ideas based on nutrition goals, and to also develop a classifier to identify any "bad" nutrition data (i.e. any logged data that may be incorrectly logged - such as a user who may have enter 10000 calories for a single slice of pizza)
